Temple Supervision Department
It is said that the Ministry of Supervision not only summons
All the Pangea events
And the gods of war can't book
Your Holiness
Can I tell them the truth?
Yes, I'm also looking forward to what the truth is.
Lord Zhang Sen
The Supervision Department has something important to report
Ye Jiajun was betrayed and attacked at the border
To identify the culprit
The inside of the four-nation coalition has been rescued
The cause of the matter has passed
Say it word for word
It's this time collusion with the enemy
Committed an act of mutiny
It is the straight gas cylinder order under Ye Qingmei's God of War
Leaflet and Leaflet
At the same time, they are also the occurrence of Ye Qingmei
How could this be?
Lord Zhang Sen sent a new confession about it.
I will send it to you by video.
Please also turn on the right path to see clearly with your dog's eyes